# Review: 'Anneau [Version Longue] MULTi [BluRay 720p] [MULTI]'
 
'Anneau [Version Longue] MULTi [BluRay 720p] [MULTI]' is a French release of the extended edition of 'The Ring', a 2002 American supernatural horror film directed by Gore Verbinski and starring Naomi Watts, Martin Henderson, David Dorfman, Brian Cox and Daveigh Chase. The film is based on the 1998 Japanese film 'Ringu', which was adapted from the novel 'Ring' by Koji Suzuki.
 
The extended edition adds about 15 minutes of additional footage, mostly consisting of scenes that explore the backstory of Samara Morgan, the vengeful ghost who kills anyone who watches a cursed videotape. The extended edition also includes some deleted scenes, alternate endings and a commentary track by Verbinski and the cast and crew.
 
**DOWNLOAD ——— [https://t.co/w0rsoA4gKd](https://t.co/w0rsoA4gKd)**


 
The Blu-ray release features a high-definition transfer of the film in 720p resolution, with multiple audio and subtitle options. The film is presented in its original aspect ratio of 1.85:1, with a DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 surround sound track. The subtitles are available in French, English, Spanish, German and Italian.
 
The Blu-ray disc also contains some bonus features, such as a making-of documentary, a featurette on the origins of the 'Ring' phenomenon, a comparison between the American and Japanese versions of the film, trailers and TV spots.
 
Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p French,  Anneau Extended Edition BluRay 720p Multi-Language,  Anneau Director's Cut BluRay 720p Dual Audio,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Download,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Streaming,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Torrent,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Subtitles,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Review,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Trailer,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Bonus,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Comparison,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Release Date,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Cast,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Plot,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p IMDb,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Rotten Tomatoes,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Metacritic,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Amazon,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p eBay,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Netflix,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Hulu,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Disney+,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p HBO Max,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Prime Video,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p YouTube,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Google Drive,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Mega.nz,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p YTS.mx,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p RARBG.to,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p ThePirateBay.org,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p LimeTorrents.cc,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p KickassTorrents.to,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p EZTV.re,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Zooqle.com,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p MagnetDL.com,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p ETTV.tv,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p TorrentGalaxy.to,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p TorrentFunk.com,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p YourBittorrent.com,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Torlock.com,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p TorrentDownloads.me,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p GloTorrents.to,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Nyaa.si ,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p BT4G.com ,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p SkyTorrents.lol ,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Torrentz2.eu ,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p TorrentProject2.se ,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p BTDigg.org ,  Anneau Version Longue BluRay 720p Monova.org
 
'Anneau [Version Longue] MULTi [BluRay 720p] [MULTI]' is a must-have for fans of 'The Ring' and horror films in general. The extended edition adds more depth and suspense to the story, while the Blu-ray quality enhances the visual and audio effects. The film is a modern classic of the genre, with a haunting atmosphere, a compelling mystery and a terrifying twist.
  
The film follows Rachel Keller (Watts), a journalist who investigates the death of her niece and three other teenagers who died of fright after watching a mysterious videotape. Rachel finds the tape and watches it, only to receive a phone call that tells her she has seven days to live. She enlists the help of her ex-boyfriend Noah (Henderson), a video analyst, and her son Aidan (Dorfman), who has psychic abilities, to uncover the secrets behind the tape and the curse.
 
As they dig deeper into the history of the tape, they discover that it was created by Samara Morgan (Chase), a young girl who was adopted by a wealthy couple, Richard (Cox) and Anna Morgan (Shannon Cochran). Samara had a troubled life, as she was tormented by visions and voices that drove her to harm animals and people. She was eventually sent to a psychiatric hospital, where she was studied by Dr. Scott (Jane Alexander), who tried to help her control her powers. However, Samara's evil influence was too strong, and she eventually killed her adoptive mother and cursed the videotape that contained her images.
 
Rachel and Noah race against time to find a way to break the curse and save themselves and Aidan from Samara's wrath. They travel to the Morgan ranch, where they find Samara's body in a well and try to give her a proper burial. However, they soon realize that their actions have only unleashed Samara's spirit, who now seeks to possess Aidan and continue her reign of terror.
 8cf37b1e13
 
